[dv/doc] update make command to dvsim.py (#3309)
lowRISC/opentitan: doc/ug/getting_started_dv.md

The [DV simulation flow]({{< relref "hw/dv/tools/README.md" >}}) has been updated to generate the RAL model automatically at the start of the simulation.
As such, nothing extra needs to be done.

> A hook for generating it is already provided in the generated `dv/Makefile`.

Reviewer: This line can be removed.

Author: Thank Sri, removed the line.

> It can be created manually by simply invoking the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be created manually by invoking the [`regtool`](path-to-regtool-readme):
```

Reviewer 2: Probably drop the "the" too, so "It can be created manually by invoking regtool".

Author: Thanks Sri and Rupert, updated as you recommended.

## Building and Running Tests

The `uvmdvgen` tool provides an empty shell sequence at `dv/env/seq_lib/<dut>_sanity_vseq.sv` for developing the sanity test.
The sanity test can be run as-is by invoking `dvsim.py`, as a "hello world" step to bring the DUT out of reset.
```console
$ cd path-to-dv

> $ util/dvsim/dvsim.py <dut>_sim_cfg.hjson -i <dut>_sanity [--waves] [--tool xcelium]

Author: thanks for the suggestion. I originally thought since line 65 already navigate users to the dv folder, they should be able to find the hjson file in the same folder. But then the `util/dvsim/dvsim.py` path would be invalid. I will delete line 65 as well.

```

The generated initial testbench is not expected to compile and elaborate successfully right away.
There may be additional fixes required, which can be hopefully be identified easily.
Once the testbench compiles and elaborates without any errors or warnings, the sanity sequence can be developed further to access a major datapath and test the basic functionality of the DUT.

VCS is used as the default simulator.
It can be switched to Xcelium by setting `--tool xcelium` on the command line.
To dump waves from the simulation, pass the `--waves` argument to `dvsim.py`.
Please refer to the [DV simulation flow]({{< relref "hw/dv/tools/README.md" >}}) for additional details.

The `uvmdvgen` script also enables the user to run the full suite of CSR tests, if the DUT does have CSRs in it.
The most basic CSR power-on-reset check test can be run by invoking:
```console
$ cd path-to-dv

> $ util/dvsim.py <dut>_sim_cfg.hjson -i <dut>_csr_hw_reset [--waves] [--tool xcelium]

Author: Thank you for the suggestion! Updated.

## Building and Running Tests

The `uvmdvgen` tool provides an empty shell sequence at `dv/env/seq_lib/<dut>_sanity_vseq.sv` for developing the sanity test.
The sanity test can be run as-is by invoking `dvsim.py`, as a "hello world" step to bring the DUT out of reset.
```console
$ cd path-to-dv

> $ util/dvsim.py <dut>_sim_cfg.hjson -i <dut>_sanity [-w] [-t xcelium]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ util/dvsim/dvsim.py path/to/<dut>_sim_cfg.hjson -i <dut>_sanity [--waves] [--tool xcelium]
```

Author: Good catch, thanks Sri, sorry I missed the dvsim folder.

```

The generated initial testbench is not expected to compile and elaborate successfully right away.
There may be additional fixes required, which can be hopefully be identified easily.
Once the testbench compiles and elaborates without any errors or warnings, the sanity sequence can be developed further to access a major datapath and test the basic functionality of the DUT.

VCS is used as the default simulator.

> It can be switched to Xcelium by setting `-t xcelium` on the command line.

Reviewer: nit: Expand switches ideally.

Reviewer 2: Oh, this took me a second. I think Sri's saying that it's better to say `--tool` than `-t`. I probably agree.

Author: Thanks for both of you for the suggestion. Yeah i agree, I will update it with `--tool`.

> The `-w` switch will cause an `fsdb` dump to be created from the test.

Reviewer 2: As well as expanding this, I'd be less explicit about the wave dumping format (since it depends on the simulator and on whether you have Verdi installed). Something like this maybe? "To dump waves from the simulation, pass the `--waves` argument to `dvsim.py`."

Author: I agree, yeah that is a good point, I will update that.

The Synopsys Verdi tool can be invoked (separately) to debug the waves.
Please refer to the [DV simulation flow]({{< relref "hw/dv/tools/README.md" >}}) for additional details.

> The `uvmdvgen` script also provides a CSR suite of tests which can be run right out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `uvmdvgen` script also enables the user to run the full suite of CSR tests, if the DUT does have CSRs in it. 
They can be run right out of the box:
```

Author: Thanks Sri for the detailed suggestion. Updated!

The most basic CSR power-on-reset check test can be run by invoking:
```console
$ cd path-to-dv

> $ util/dvsim.py <dut>_sim_cfg.hjson -i <dut>_csr_hw_reset [-w] [-t xcelium]

Reviewer: Same set of fixes as above.

Author: thanks Sri, updated.
